Yes, five young masters
We all know your relationship with the teacher
Be careful
I hope you laugh
That being the case
I'll take it.
However, I will not accept you Xiao He for nothing.
Take some food and exchange it with them, okay?
Oh, Mr. Wu, you are really kind.
You didn't take our stuff for free?
Hey little flower
Hey look
And this is my sister.
watery
I'll make a house fill for you.
No need for betrothal gifts or anything
You can give this whatever you want, just like your sister.
You can also give it to Wu Shao to fill the house.
Wu Shao, my sister's name is Shui Ling
How about sending it to you tomorrow?
I'll bring you tea and water
I don't take a penny for the dowry
Uh, I don't want this either.
I don't want me neither I don't want me neither
Neither
Wait a minute.
How about marriage?
This is serious
Can't be so hasty
What about brothers?
You'd better take your sister back first
Oh, no.
Since we can afford it, why don't we?
Otherwise, they will be sold into the brothel sooner or later
He's not trying to rescue us anymore.
Yes, there are three without filial piety
Let's just take them. All right?
In that case
Come back with me
Hey, but let's talk about it in advance, okay?
If any of you want to marry me in the future
I'll give you a betrothal gift then.
I will marry, I will marry, I will marry.
I would like to marry
Why haven't these people left yet?
Mother is marrying a wife outside, it's hot